DOCS-1671: Add fragments reference copy (#2545)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/configure-a-fleet.md

You can then configure the differing resources separately, outside of the fragment.
For example, if you have multiple identical rovers but one has an arm attached, you can add the rover configuration fragment (including the motors and base components), and then configure the arm on just that one rover.

> See [Fragments](/build/configure/#fragments) for more information.

Reviewer: should the fragment explanation live with this page instead maybe?

5. Paste the raw fragment contents into the **Raw JSON** config field.
6. Click **Save config**.
7. Now, you can edit the config either in **Raw JSON** mode or in **Builder** mode.

## Next steps

> Viam provides several [pre-made fragments](https://app.viam.com/fragments) you can use as a template for writing your own fragments.

Author: ```suggestion
Viam provides several [pre-made fragments](https://app.viam.com/fragments) which you can use as templates for writing your own fragments.
```
